content/articles/b2b-trade-store-bulk-ordering.md, before:

---
title: "B2B trade store bulk ordering"
seoTitle: "B2B trade store bulk ordering feature"
titleList: "B2B trade store bulk ordering feature"
seoDescription: "If one of your customers wishes to order a large number of products, they can now do so easily by uploading a spreadsheet to the Stock2Shop B2B Trade Store using the new B2B Bulk Ordering Feature"
summary: "If one of your customers wishes to order a large number of products, they can now do so easily by uploading a spreadsheet to the Stock2Shop B2B Trade Store."
lead: "The Stock2Shop B2B Trade Store allows users to import bulk orders via a CSV (Comma-separated values) file. This means that should one of your customers wish to order a large number of products, they can do so easily by uploading a spreadsheet."
image: "/uploads/article-bulk-upload.jpg"
imageAlt: bulk upload
aliases: "/b2b-trade-store-bulk-ordering/"
date: 2020-03-27
---

![arrows](/uploads/article-arrows.jpg)  

The bulk ordering process is very user-friendly. Below are the steps to take when bulk ordering:

## Step 1: Prepare your CSV template

1. Make sure your CSV file includes a header row.
2. Your CSV needs the following fields:
    1. SKU (unique product identifier)
    2. QTY (the number of units to order per SKU)
    3. Order number (your purchase order number, used to group rows)
3. Update the sheet with the SKUs you want to order, along with the quantities and order number(s).
4. Download/Export the files as a CSV file.

## Step 2: Process your Bulk Order

1. Navigate to the B2B Trade Store > Bulk Order.
2. Select Choose File and add the file you recently downloaded/exported.
3. Click Upload.

![send-orders](/uploads/article-send-orders.png)  
1. Link the columns from your CSV file to the columns on the B2B Trade store using the dropdowns.
2. Click Process once you have completed linking the CSV fields to the order fields.

![match-columns](/uploads/article-match-columns.png)  
Note: At this point, your import will be validated to confirm all the SKUs exist in the B2B Trade Store. If the SKUs don’t exist, you will be notified and will need to update your sheet before beginning the import process again.
1. If your orders are valid you will be taken to the final step where you submit the orders.
2. Simply select the order in question (or all orders) and select Send Orders.

![process-bulk-order](/uploads/article-process-bulk-order.png)  

Note: Multiple orders will show based on the number of order numbers you created in your CSV file

## Bulk ordering on behalf of your customers

Should you find that your customers are sending you the CSV files, ordering on behalf of your customers can be easily done by following the above process after signing into their B2B Trade Store. If you are unsure of how to do this, please contact us at support@stock2shop.com, and a technician will help you.

## Import support

Please note that the tax value set on the B2B Trade Store is the tax that will be applied to the products on the import. Should you wish to apply specific taxes to different products or customers, we advise against using the bulk order import.

Commit message:

fix integrations sap.md file

content/articles/b2b-trade-store-bulk-ordering.md, after:

---
title: "B2B trade store bulk ordering"
seoTitle: "B2B trade store bulk ordering feature"
titleList: "B2B trade store bulk ordering feature"
seoDescription: "If one of your customers wishes to order a large number of products, they can now do so easily by uploading a spreadsheet to the Stock2Shop B2B Trade Store using the new B2B Bulk Ordering Feature"
summary: "If one of your customers wishes to order a large number of products, they can now do so easily by uploading a spreadsheet to the Stock2Shop B2B Trade Store."
lead: "The Stock2Shop B2B Trade Store allows users to import bulk orders via a CSV (Comma-separated values) file. This means that should one of your customers wish to order a large number of products, they can do so easily by uploading a spreadsheet."
image: "/uploads/article-bulk-upload.jpg"
imageAlt: bulk upload
aliases: "/b2b-trade-store-bulk-ordering/"
date: 2020-03-27
---

# What to consider when choosing your ERP

#### At Stock2Shop we get a lot of requests for advice on how to choose an accounting system. To be clear – this is something we do not do.

While we can indicate which systems “play nicely” with our integration middleware, we leave ERP consulting to, well, ERP consultants. However, below are a few highlevel pointers to consider when making the deep financial dive into a new accounting system.

### Do a cost benefit analysis

First, make a list of functionality that you absolutely need in your ERP system in order to streamline your existing business processes, then make a separate list of nice-to-haves. Keep this info at hand when interrogating potential software to find out the most cost effective option that will fulfill your needs. Examples of requirements that some of our clients have are bill of materials, multi warehousing, contract pricing and cloud access.

“If you get one thing right, make it the up-front requirements gathering process,” says Brian Shannon in this <a href="#">CIO article</a>. ” Few things derail project budgets and timelines as the ‘assumptive’ or absent requirements.”

Once you have implemented your new system, it is also important to track it’s performance against predetermined metrics in order to evaluate the success of the project.

### Ensure compatibility with other software

It probably comes as no surprise to find this on our list, but these days it is vital that your ERP can integrate with other systems fairly seamlessly. Look out for systems that require extensive customisation. Not only can this incur unwelcome costs, it also makes it harder to migrate or upgrade in the future without losing these customisations.

Inefficient business workflows that necessitate unnecessary duplicate data capturing, for example, can result in human error and the sapping of your human resources. This is why Stock2Shop exists.

### Choose an ERP with your staff in mind

Your ERP is supposed to make it easier to manage your business. It’s therefore imperative to buy software that your team will be able to use effectively. If key members of your staff have experience in a particular system, this could sway your decision provided that it meets your base requirements. If one of the packages you’re considering appears to be overly complicated and likely to create more problems than it solves, perhaps give that one a miss.

### Appoint an internal ERP champion

A person (or team) should be designated the responsibility of managing your accounting software, and this is particularly important when it comes to the syncing of data between your systems.

Integrations almost always rely on a degree of customisation such as added fields, bespoke logic and the existence of certain business objects in order to function properly. Whoever is tasked with managing these integrations needs to be familiar with the mechanisms required to facilitate the syncing of data correctly. By appointing a specific person (or team) to be in charge, it’s easier to ensure that workflows are consistently followed and sync issues are addressed timeously.
