content/user-docs/getting-started/Installing Stock2shop for Sage Business Cloud Accounting.md, before:

---
title: "Installing Stock2shop for Sage Business Cloud Accounting (formerly Sage One)"
description: "Stock2Shop can sync products and orders between Sage One and numerous other applications like Magento, Woocommerce, Shopify and our B2B ordering platform. Find out more!"
aliases: "/documentation/getting-started/sage-one-install/"
toc: true
menu:
  docside:
     parent: Getting Started
     name: Sage Business Cloud Accounting
     weight: 50
---

## Introduction
Sage Business Cloud Accounting (formerly Sage One) is an online accounting system. This means the application lives in the “cloud”. Enabling Stock2Shop to work with Sage Business Cloud Accounting is relatively simple. In order for Stock2Shop to provide you with the full integration features and link your Sage Business Cloud Accounting system to other sales channels and fulfilment services such as Shopify, Magento 1.x, Magento 2.x, WooCommerce, Stock2Shops B2B Trade store, Parcelninja and Takealot, we need access to your Sage Business Cloud Accounting account.

## For accessing your data
In order to communicate with your Sage Business Cloud Accounting, we require the following information:

- Sage Business Cloud Accounting Username
- Sage Business Cloud Accounting Password

## For raising orders
Raising orders into Sage Business Cloud Accounting is a straightforward process. During the data discussion one of our Technicians will confirm how orders should be raised.

## What’s next
Below is an overview outlining the next steps:

1. Data Discussion
    - Discuss product configuration
    - Discuss customer configuration
    - Discuss order configuration
2. Initiate Sync to Stock2Shop
3. Test channel integration (products / orders)  

{{< class alert alert-primary >}}
Data Discussion (Step 1) will be scheduled by one of our technicians
{{< /class >}}

Any questions? [Contact us](/contact-us) – we’re happy to help.

Commit message:

Update all "Whats Next" sections on all getting started pages under user-docs

content/user-docs/getting-started/Installing Stock2shop for Sage Business Cloud Accounting.md, after:

---
title: "Installing Stock2shop for Sage Business Cloud Accounting (formerly Sage One)"
description: "Stock2Shop can sync products and orders between Sage One and numerous other applications like Magento, Woocommerce, Shopify and our B2B ordering platform. Find out more!"
aliases: "/documentation/getting-started/sage-one-install/"
toc: true
menu:
  docside:
     parent: Getting Started
     name: Sage Business Cloud Accounting
     weight: 50
---

## Introduction
Sage Business Cloud Accounting (formerly Sage One) is an online accounting system. This means the application lives in the “cloud”. Enabling Stock2Shop to work with Sage Business Cloud Accounting is relatively simple. In order for Stock2Shop to provide you with the full integration features and link your Sage Business Cloud Accounting system to other sales channels and fulfilment services such as Shopify, Magento 1.x, Magento 2.x, WooCommerce, Stock2Shops B2B Trade store, Parcelninja and Takealot, we need access to your Sage Business Cloud Accounting account.

## For accessing your data
In order to communicate with your Sage Business Cloud Accounting, we require the following information:

- Sage Business Cloud Accounting Username
- Sage Business Cloud Accounting Password

## For raising orders
Raising orders into Sage Business Cloud Accounting is a straightforward process. During the data discussion one of our Technicians will confirm how orders should be raised.

## What’s next
Below is an overview outlining the next steps:

## What’s next
Below is an overview outlining the next steps:

1. Data Discussion
    - Discuss product configuration
    - Discuss customer configuration
    - Discuss order configuration
    - Prerequisite for raising orders in Sage Business Cloud Accounting
2. Initiate Sync to Stock2Shop
3. Test channel integration (products / orders)

{{< class alert alert-primary >}}
Data Discussion **(Step 1)** will be scheduled by one of our technicians
{{< /class >}}

Any questions? [Contact us](/contact-us) – we’re happy to help.
